# C-Corner-Grocer-Project-
In the Corner Grocer project, I have been asked to develop a program that gives our user four options for our program to operate between. The first option, if selected, will allow the user to search for a specific item and our program will report back if it was listed in the daily report, and how many times it was purchased that day. The second option gives the user a full list of items purchased, and their frequency. The third option gives the user a histogram representation of each item and an asterisk for each time it was purchased. So that the user can better visualize which products are being purchased more often. This can give them a better idea of what items to keep in stock in their location. The last option allows the user to exit the program. It also stores a backup of the full list of items purchased and their frequency of purchase that day in a separate file for safety and storage purposes. 

In my final program, the components that functioned the best were the map container to store item elements, and the user menu. I used a default setting to catch any issues that could potentially close the program. My code could be enhanced in the catching of potential input by the user. This is a skill I intend to learn as I continue in my program. I look forward to adding to my skillset of how to better manipulate the response of the program to the user based off the length of their input out of the scope initially expected. I found the code most challenging to write was the map container. Learning how these operate in a short amount of time was difficult. I have learned how to effectively research unknown skills and apply them to the program I am developing. The skills I have learned from this project include properly connecting various classes, reading and writing files, making clear in-line comments of functionality, and defining functions in a more complex program. I will carry these skills and the understanding gained from this project into my future career as I take on new assignments. I look forward to planning and coding new applications with further knowledge and training.  
